Pay App Solution File
I used Redux for this application as it's one of the most used tools for React and React-native projects. In the initial state of my reducer, I have a complete list of users. Fetching and using users form reducer is easy and fast. Since it’s on your machine locally, you can access it even when you’re offline. I again used reducer to access selected user’s information when you click on any users. That way, it’s quick and convenient. For all react projects, it’s pivotal that the components are small. It was very important for me to use separate components for each task. For me, knowing when to split your component to a new file is one of the most important skills. I was planning to use react-native-chart-kit for colorful charts on home screen, as It is an easy to use library.  Unfortunately, didn’t have enough time for it. 
I have a search bar on my home screen. I was planning to filter my users according to their names. I have some prior experience on building complete search algorithms.  I believe, given enough time, I could have built a fully functional search bar.  For navigating between screens, I used React Navigation. The latest update - react navigation 5 is one of the most popular libraries one could use. 
The vector-icons directory is one of the most functional tools in react native as you don’t have to use anything other than this directory to add icons to your app. Icons from this library are touchable by default, so you don’t need to add extra layers of code to use them as buttons at any given time. 
Overall, it was a very fun, little project. I believe if I had an extra hour, I could have built all of the functionalities described. Unfortunately, I experienced some small internet issues. That wasted quite a bit of my time. The functionalities are the ones I deemed to be the most important. Some small design features are to be built in the future.
Looking forward to hearing from you Aydan Haqverdili.
